Reflection of how viewing the differences between to versions of a file
helped me, finding the mistake:

Knowing, that the old version was funktioning correctly, it is obvious
that the bug has to be someware in the new parts. By pointing out these
parts the program (fc) helped me to find that bug a lot faster, as if I 
had to look up the whole file. 


Reflection of how could a version control system make my work as a 
programer more efficient:

It could make me more couraged by trying new things, or by deleting 
things I don't need any more, because I can always restore the last status
it was working. 


Reflection of the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google Docs does:

The pros of manualy saving are, that you can create your safepoints 
fallowing a logical concept and not randomly fore exsample someware in 
the middle of a cammand you were just typing. So your history will show
the logical steps, you have made. If the steps safeworthy are smaller
than an hour, you would miss some steps by hourly safing, and if your 
staps are bigger hourly safing would clutter your history.
A contra is that you can forget to safe, if you only do manualy. 


Reflection on: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, 
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, 
treat each file separately?

Git is optimised for programmers, and they often work an many files, which
are relatet to each other, simultaniously. While on the other hand in google 
docs the files you work on are usualy so indipendent that you would rather 
be confused if it would safe all files you have open. 


Reflection on: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the 
history of files?

With the command "git log" I can see the history of the repository and with 
"git diff" I can look it up in detail.  


Reflection on: How might using version control make you more confident to 
make changes that could break something?

To know that I have a version, that worked, and that I can allways go back 
to, would encourage me. 


Reflection on: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want 
to try using Git for?

I want to establish a version control system for the programs I write, so 
that I can feel more secure and that I can work on them from different 
places.